It's here when it's fresh
Take it to uncle
What do you want, you bitch?
This is my grandmother's life
I remember now.
Uncle just drank it
My sister fainted with the wine at hand
Okay, the truth comes out, it's the medicine in your wine and mine
Does my sister think that we discovered the drug?
So you want to completely poison your uncle?
Your heart is so cruel!
This femme fatale
Why don't you get out of here?
Don't delay our search for Jiyi
How do you know I'm not the trick you're looking for?
One sister
Are you pretending to be a handsome girl?
Even Qiaoyi dares to impersonate
Sly is a lifesaver
A woman who fights and kills like you
Is it also worthy to hate weird famous meetings?
Even a medical genius like Lu San Shao
There is no way to save grandpa
How dare you impersonate
cousin
Get this troublesome woman out of here!
You're the team doctor
If false, replace it.
Whether it's Nightsong handsome or weird
It's human nature.
And so-called fickle
Could it be that
Cousin, this woman is full of nonsense
He suffered from his grandfather's illness
shut up
Grandpa wants to match me with Miss Lu
He has no reason to hurt you
Talk about motivation.
I think Shen An'an, who has always been hated by his grandfather
But there is no year
Brother is not me